This data is a set of 600 Lagrangian trajectories from real
oceanographic measurement campaigns.

The data is stored in the JSON format, readable in Python using
read_lagrangian.py in this directory.

The data is a list of Python dictionaries, each containing data from
one directory. The data is:
dt: the time interval between measurements
lat: the latitude of each measurement
lon: the longitude of each measurement
temp: the temperature of each measurement

The data is not entirely clean, sometimes the Lagrangian devices go
out of action, and the dataset contains NaNs at those points.

THE CHALLENGE FOR THIS DATASET

On Tuesday 19th March at 11am this repository will be updated with
data for three more trajectories. The difference with these
trajectories is that the mean latitude and longitude has been
subtracted (the temperature will be unchanged). Your task is to
provide an estimate of this mean latitude and longitude, i.e. deduce
from the structure of the data where in the world the Lagrangian
trajectory is. You should also quantify your uncertainty in this
estimate: provide a variance for the latitude and longitude in your
estimate, or a covariance for both if you like.  The score for your
prediction will be proportional to the negative log-likelihood of the
true value given your prediction i.e. proportional to

(x - x_T)^T\Sigma^{-1}(x-x_T)

where \Sigma is the covariance matrix for the uncertainty in your
estimate (we will construct a diagonal matrix from your individual
variances if you use those), x is your latitude and longitude vector,
and x_T is the true value.

You should submit your predictions by 3pm Tuesday 19th March by email
to colin.cotter@imperial.ac.uk

You should spend the time before the release of these trajectories
developing a strategy for making this estimate and training your
strategy on the data. We would like you to present your prediction
strategy to us in the 3pm-5pm presentation slot on Tuesday 19th March.

IMPORTANT: In this challenge you should only make use of this data and
not any other available datasets.
